hey I wanna shoot pool dad why the fancy
red suit mr. pool oh that's because it's
christmas day dopinder and i'm after
someone on my naughty list you're
probably thinking this was a superhero
movie but that guy in the suit just
turned that other guy into a
kebab surprise this is a different kind
of superhero story they tell it right we
gotta take you back before I squeezed
this ass in spandex mr. Wilson you've
recently been diagnosed with terminal
cancer we can fight this what if I told
you we can cure you and give you
abilities most men only dream of I'd say
that you sound like an infomercial but
not a good one like Slap Chop more shake
weighty if I never see you again know
that I love you when I'm finished it
mutates it cells will heal anything
but you still think we're making you a
superior we're making you receivers Fame
oh come on you're gonna leave me all
alone here with Jose Canseco whatever
they did to me made me totally
indestructible and completely now
unfuckable you you look like the inside
of other people's I didn't ask
to be super and I'm no hero
but when you find out your worst enemy
is after your best girl the time
come to be a superhero we can't
allow this Deadpool I don't have time
for your x-men Colossus besides
nobody's getting hurt that guy was up
there before we got here when I played a
lot of roles damsel in distress they
wanna time to make the chimi
chunga's you seen this man
I never say this but don't swallow
yet did I leave the stove on no give it
to you you're way too much dude for me
I mean that's why I brought her oh no
finish your tweet that's fine just give
us a second
go get her tiger so pity the dude who
pressures her into prom sex
ecstasy